README.rst, before:

This is msilib for Python version 3.13.0+
=========================================

General
-------
MSILib is a python library for creating and manipulating MSI files.
This is legacy code. If you are creating a new project, I strongly suggest 
you do not use MSIs. 

Release Information
-------------------
As of Python 3.13.0, msilib is no longer included in the default build.
This simply takes the existing msilib code and packages it as an extra module.
The original code can be found in the Python Git repository.
It is replicated here with minimal changes.
As such, it is subject to the same terms and conditions. 

- Source code: https://github.com/TrevorHamm/msilib


Copyright and License Information
---------------------------------

See the `LICENSE <https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/LICENSE>`_ for
information on the history of this software, terms & conditions for usage, and a
DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.

This distribution contains *no* GNU General Public License (GPL) code,
so it may be used in proprietary projects.

All trademarks referenced herein are property of their respective holders.

Commit message:

Changed the name
Changed the name due to PyPi complaining about a name conflict with the historic Python library name.

README.rst, after:

This is msilib for Python version 3.13.0+
=========================================

Usage
-----
PyPi doesn't allow for a library to be named msilib since that already exists. 
You will need to either rename the folder in site-packages after installing
or rename any existing references to msilib to pymsilib.

General
-------
MSILib is a python library for creating and manipulating MSI files.
This is legacy code. If you are creating a new project, I strongly suggest 
you do not use MSIs. 

Release Information
-------------------
As of Python 3.13.0, msilib is no longer included in the default build.
This simply takes the existing msilib code and packages it as an extra module.
The original code can be found in the Python Git repository.
It is replicated here with minimal changes.
As such, it is subject to the same terms and conditions. 

- Source code: https://github.com/TrevorHamm/msilib


Copyright and License Information
---------------------------------

See the `LICENSE <https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/LICENSE>`_ for
information on the history of this software, terms & conditions for usage, and a
DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.

This distribution contains *no* GNU General Public License (GPL) code,
so it may be used in proprietary projects.

All trademarks referenced herein are property of their respective holders.
